---
title: Introduction
description: Discover the creation tools available to you in Touchify Studio.
navigation:
    icon: i-lucide-home
seo:
    title: Introduction to Touchify Studio
    description: Discover Touchify Studio, the tool for creating dynamic and interactive display content.
---

## The Main Elements

:::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Texts
  icon: i-lucide-case-sensitive
  to: /en/touchify-studio/elements/texts
  ---
  Add text and customize fonts and characters.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Files and Media
  icon: i-lucide-image-play
  to: /en/touchify-studio/elements/media
  ---
  How to insert images and other media in Touchify.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Background and Borders
  icon: i-lucide-square-dashed-top-solid
  to: /en/touchify-studio/elements/background-and-borders
  ---
  Customize your elements using box styles.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Shapes
  icon: i-lucide-sparkle
  to: /en/touchify-studio/elements/drawing
  ---
  Draw shapes in your Touchify content.
  ::
:::

## Interactions

:::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Introduction to Interactions
  icon: i-lucide-fingerprint
  to: /en/touchify-studio/interactions/introduction
  ---
  What are interactions and what are they for?
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Navigation
  icon: i-lucide-navigation
  to: /en/touchify-studio/interactions/navigation
  ---
  Add navigation to your Touchify content.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Manipulation
  icon: i-lucide-fullscreen
  to: /en/touchify-studio/interactions/manipulation
  ---
  Bring your elements to life by manipulating them with your fingers.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Windows
  icon: i-lucide-message-square-text
  to: /en/touchify-studio/interactions/dialogs
  ---
  Create contextual windows in your Touchify content.
  ::
:::

## Animations

:::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Introduction to Animations
  icon: i-lucide-bring-to-front
  to: /en/touchify-studio/animations/introduction
  ---
  How to bring your content to life using animations?
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Customize an Animation
  icon: i-lucide-columns-3-cog
  to: /en/touchify-studio/animations/customize
  ---
  Create fluid and relevant animations by customizing the options.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Storyboards
  icon: i-lucide-clipboard-clock
  to: /en/touchify-studio/animations/storyboards
  ---
  Learn to control storyboards to create different animation scenarios.
  ::

:::