---
title: Introduction
description: Discover the features of the Touchify Player application. Install and configure the application on your devices.
navigation:
    icon: i-lucide-house
seo:
    title: Introduction to Touchify Player
    description: Discover the features of the Touchify Player application. Install and configure the application on your devices.
---

## Getting Started

:::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: The Touchify Player Application
  icon: i-lucide-app-window-mac
  to: /en/touchify-player/getting-started/application
  ---
  Introduction article to the Touchify Player application.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Connect
  icon: i-lucide-key-round
  to: /en/touchify-player/getting-started/connection
  ---
  Discover the two authentication modes of the Touchify Player application according to your use case.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Home Screen
  icon: i-lucide-grid-2x2
  to: /en/touchify-player/getting-started/home-screen
  ---
  Discover the features of the Touchify Player application home screen.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Player Settings
  icon: i-lucide-settings
  to: /en/touchify-player/getting-started/settings
  ---
  Discover the Touchify player settings.
  ::
:::

## Installation Guides

:::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Windows
  icon: i-cib-windows
  to: /en/touchify-player/installation/windows
  ---
  Install Touchify on Windows players.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Android
  icon: i-cib-android
  to: /en/touchify-player/installation/android
  ---
  Install Touchify on Android players.
  ::
  
  ::card
  ---
  title: ChromeOS
  icon: i-cib-google-chrome
  to: /en/touchify-player/installation/chromeos
  ---
  Install Touchify on ChromeOS players.
  ::
  
  ::card
  ---
  title: Tizen
  icon: i-cib-samsung
  to: /en/touchify-player/installation/tizen
  ---
  Install Touchify on Tizen players.
  ::
  
  ::card
  ---
  title: BrightSign
  icon: i-lucide-cpu
  to: /en/touchify-player/installation/brightsign
  ---
  Install Touchify on BrightSign players.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Linux & Raspberry Pi
  icon: i-cib-linux
  to: /en/touchify-player/installation/linux
  ---
  Install Touchify on Linux and Raspberry Pi players.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: macOS
  icon: i-cib-apple
  to: /en/touchify-player/installation/macos
  ---
  Install Touchify on macOS players.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: iOS and iPadOS
  icon: i-cib-app-store-ios
  to: /en/touchify-player/installation/ios
  ---
  Install Touchify on iOS and iPadOS players.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: Android TV
  icon: i-lucide-tv
  to: /en/touchify-player/installation/android-tv
  ---
  Install Touchify on Android TV players.
  ::
:::

## Troubleshooting

:::card-group
  ::card
  ---
  title: Kiosk Mode Troubleshooting
  icon: i-lucide-bug
  to: /en/touchify-player/troubleshooting/kiosk
  ---
  Learn how to troubleshoot the Kiosk mode of the Touchify Player application in critical cases where the device appears to be stuck.
  ::
:::
