---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to the Touchify documentation.
navigation:
    icon: i-lucide-house
seo:
    title: Introduction to Touchify
    description: Why Touchify? Presentation of the platform and use cases of the solution.
---

Welcome to **Touchify**, the software that brings all your screens to life.

## What is Touchify?

Touchify is a platform for creating interactive and dynamic applications.
It allows you to design engaging user experiences on all types of screens, whether kiosks, tablets, or digital signage monitors.

## Important Concepts

Touchify is built on three important points:

::u-page-columns

    :::u-page-card
    ---
    title: Universal
    description: Touchify works on all types of screens, whether touch or dynamic, and adapts to all resolutions.
    ---
    :::

    :::u-page-card
    ---
    title: Creative
    description: Touchify integrates a powerful visual editor to create interactive and dynamic experiences without coding.
    ---
    :::

    :::u-page-card
    ---
    title: Complete
    description: Touchify offers an all-in-one solution for creating interactive applications, with advanced features for all types of screens.
    ---
    :::
::

## Key Features

Touchify offers many important features to manage all your interactive and digital signage projects:

- **Touchify Studio**: Create dynamic and interactive experiences quickly and simply.
- **Centralized Management**: Control all your screens remotely from a single interface.
- **Offline Mode**: Your content works without an internet connection.
- **Team Management**: Team management functionality for simplified collaboration.
- **Advanced Connectivity**: Connect your content to all kinds of external data sources.
- **External Devices**: Bring your content to life through the integration of sensors, printers, payment terminals...
- **Analytics**: Measure the performance of your content with integrated analysis tools.