---
title: Kiosk mode unlocking
description: Learn how to troubleshoot the Touchify Player application in critical cases where the device appears locked.
navigation:
    icon: i-lucide-bug
---

## Introduction

Your Touchify Player application no longer automatically synchronizes your content? You can't connect the application anymore? You can't exit kiosk mode?
This article helps you troubleshoot the application in case of blocking.

::note
**This article particularly concerns devices locked in kiosk mode.**
::

## Show tools

Depending on the application configuration, tools may be accessible by long-pressing the screen.
If the toolbars are locked, click successively on the 4 corners of the screen, starting from the top left corner, clockwise.

If a password has been set, enter the password to access the tools and application settings.

## Check Internet connection

If the device is connected to the Internet, the **Synchronize** button is present in the toolbar at the bottom of the screen.
Launch a synchronization to validate the connection. In case of synchronization error, an error message will appear.
This is generally a network configuration problem.

::note
**Network configuration**
<br><br>
In case of network problems, please contact your IT department to request authorization for the following URLs:
<br><br>
**.touchify.io, *.touchify.app, *.blob.core.windows.net,*.table.core.windows.net*
::

::note
**You can also check your device connections in Touchify Publisher.**
::

## Close the application

If you want to close the locked application and access the operating system, open settings from the button at the top left of the screen then click **Close application**.

With a keyboard, :kbd{value="Alt"} + :kbd{value="F4"} also allows you to close the application.

### Kiosk Mode

Caution, in secure kiosk mode, the operating system interface may be disabled, in which case you will need a keyboard.

::tip
**Windows tip**<br>
Use :kbd{value="Ctrl"} + :kbd{value="Shift"} + :kbd{value="Esc"} to open task manager or :kbd{value="Ctrl"} + :kbd{value="Alt"} + :kbd{value="Delete"}.
::

::caution
**Disable kiosk mode**<br>
If you want to restore the operating system interface, disable kiosk mode from the application settings, *System Settings* section.
::

## Reset the application

### From settings

Access the application settings, **Synchronization** section, then select **Delete data**. The application will be reset and will need to be reconnected.

### From the system

Delete the Touchify Player application data.

#### Windows, Linux, MacOS

Close the application and open the file explorer. Access the application data folder and delete the folder. Once the folder is deleted, restart and reconnect the application.

```bash
# Windows
%APPDATA%\co.touchify.player

# Linux
~/.config/co.touchify.player

# Mac OS
~/Library/Application Support/co.touchify.player
```

::tip
**Windows tip**<br>
If the graphical interface is disabled, use Ctrl+Shift+Esc to open task manager then launch file explorer: File > Run > explorer.exe
::

::caution
**Device reconnection**<br>
After a system reset, the device has not been disconnected, it will need to be manually removed from the screen list in Touchify Publisher.
::

#### Android

Access Android settings, **Applications** section. Select **Touchify Player** then **Delete application data**.

## Contact us

In case of problems, please [contact support](https://touchify.io/contact).
