---
title: Storyboards
description: Learn how to use storyboards to optimize your animations.
navigation:
    icon: i-lucide-clipboard-clock
seo:
    title: Storyboards in Touchify Studio
    description: Discover how Touchify Studio can help you create complex animations using storyboards.
---

## Create a storyboard

### Method 1: *via the footer*

Click on the **"Storyboard"** dropdown menu at the bottom left of the interface, in the footer.

Select the **"Add storyboard"** button: the parameters of this new storyboard will display, complete them then click the **"Back"** button (arrow) to validate.

:nuxt-img{src="/2-touchify-studio/4-animations/3-storyboards/fr-studio-anim-story-ajout-footer.webp" alt="Adding a storyboard from the footer" width="500"}

### Method 2: *via the element*

Select your element and go to the **"Animations"** panel. Click on the **"Storyboard"** dropdown menu at the top of the window.

Select the **"Add storyboard"** button: the parameters of this new storyboard will display, complete them then click the **"Back"** button (arrow) to validate.

:nuxt-img{src="/2-touchify-studio/4-animations/3-storyboards/fr-studio-anim-story-ajout-element.webp" alt="Adding a storyboard from an element" width="500"}

## Modify a storyboard

Select the **"Storyboard"** dropdown button (in the footer or in the animations panel) then click the **"Edit"** button (pencil icon) of the storyboard you want to modify.

:nuxt-img{src="/2-touchify-studio/4-animations/3-storyboards/fr-studio-anim-story-modifier.webp" alt="Modifying a storyboard" width="500"}

### Execution

Choose to launch the storyboard on page display or page disappearance. This option is useful when you dedicate your storyboard to entrance animations or exit animations.

### Repeat & alternate

To repeat your storyboard, click the **"Repeat storyboard"** option switch: choose the number and frequency of repetitions.

To alternate your storyboard, click the **"Alternate storyboard"** option switch: at the end of its cycle, the storyboard will be rewound then replayed like a boomerang.

### Incoming elements

By default, an element is invisible before its appearance animation is triggered.
To cancel this behavior, click the **"Don't hide incoming elements"** option switch.

## Choose a storyboard

Each element animation is applied to a storyboard.

Select your element then click the **"Animations"** button to go to the element animations panel.
Select the storyboard of your choice in the **"Storyboard"** dropdown menu: the next animation you add to your element will be affiliated with this storyboard.
Animations already created in this storyboard will also be visible in the **"Element Animations"** panel.

:nuxt-img{src="/2-touchify-studio/4-animations/3-storyboards/fr-studio-anim-story-selection.webp" alt="Selecting a storyboard" width="500"}

::caution
**Warning:** once the animation is applied, you cannot change its storyboard. Make sure you have selected the correct storyboard before adding an animation.
::
