---
title: Create an API key for payment terminals in Stripe
description: Learn how to accept payments in Touchify by connecting your Stripe payment terminals.
navigation:
    title: Stripe Terminal
    icon: i-lucide-credit-card
seo:
    title: How to configure your Stripe account to accept payments with Touchify
    description: Learn how to accept payments in Touchify by connecting your Stripe payment terminals.
---

## Introduction

Touchify allows you to link your Stripe account to collect payments via Stripe terminals on touch kiosks.

Let's examine your account configuration to get a valid and secure API key.


## Connect to your Stripe account

To begin, you need to go to the Stripe administration portal: [https://dashboard.stripe.com](https://dashboard.stripe.com)

In your account, you need to navigate to the **Developers** section by clicking the link at the top right of your screen.

In the **Developers** section, click on the **API keys** tab.

## Create a restricted API key

::note
To ensure your security, it is important not to share your account's main secret key.
Touchify allows you to work with a limited set of permissions to guarantee your account security.
::

To begin, click the **Create restricted key** button. In the confirmation popup, choose **Provide this key to another website** then click **Continue**.

:nuxt-img{src="/6-guides/2-stripe-terminal/fr-guides-stripe-cle-type.webp" alt="Selecting restricted key type in Stripe" width="400" class="mx-auto"}


In the form, enter a name for your key (*for example: Touchify*), enter our website URL: *https://touchify.io*, then check the **Customize permissions for this key** box.
Then click **Continue** to customize your permissions.

:nuxt-img{src="/6-guides/2-stripe-terminal/fr-guides-stripe-cle-limitee.webp" alt="Creating a restricted key in Stripe" width="400" class="mx-auto"}


We will now configure the most limited set of permissions possible:

- In the **Core Resources** section, click **None** to disable all permissions. Then click **Write** on the **PaymentIntents** resource.
- In the **Checkout Resources** section, click **None**.
- In the **Billing Resources** section, click **None**.
- In the **Connect Resources** section, click **None**.
- In the **Orders Resources** section, click **None**.
- In the **Issuing Resources** section, click **None**.
- In the **Reporting Resources** section, click **None**.
- In the **Webhooks Resources** section, click **Write**.
- In the **Stripe CLI Resources** section, click **None**.
- In the **All Payment Links Resources** section, click **None**.
- In the **All Terminal Resources** section, click **Write**.
- In the **Tax** section, click **None**.
- In the **Radar** section, click **None**.
- In the **All Climate Resources** section, click **None**.

Finally, click **Create key** to generate your secret key. You will then find your secret key on the **API keys** page.

You can click **Reveal secret key** to display the key and click on it to copy it to your clipboard.