---
title: The Touchify Player Application
description: Introduction article to the Touchify Player application, the application that brings all your screens to life.
navigation:
    title: The Application
    icon: i-lucide-app-window-mac
seo:
    title: Introduction to Touchify Player
    description: Discover how the Touchify Player application works and enables animation of digital signage screens and touch screens.
---

## Introduction

The Touchify Player application allows you to display content created in Touchify Studio on your devices: tablets, screens, touch kiosks or all types of interactive or non-interactive digital devices (video walls, projected showcases...).

Touchify allows you to create all types of communication content that can be separated into two main categories:

- Presentation: company presentations, commercial materials, training materials...
- Communication: dynamic or interactive display in a company or public space

## User Profile

### Content Creator

You use Touchify Studio to create your own presentations or to administer your organization's content broadcast on your digital fleet.
In which case, you can connect to the application with your user account.

### Reader Only

Your computer is connected or has been connected by your IT administrator using a deployment key.
Your content is managed by your organization and automatically synchronized by the application.

## Install the Application

The Touchify Player application is compatible with Windows, Linux, macOS, iOS, Android, Tizen and BrightSign.

Find all versions on the [Downloads](https://get.touchify.io) page.

Find all installation guides in the [Help Center](../introduction).

## Main Features

### Content Display

Depending on the configuration, the application starts on the home screen or on predefined content. For more details, please consult the corresponding articles.

- [Home screen features](home-screen)
- [Player features](player)

### Synchronization and Offline Mode

Content and Publisher configurations are synchronized automatically. Once synchronized, the application works offline, in case of network outage or when traveling.

All native Touchify features are compatible with offline mode.

However, web resources are not available offline. This particularly concerns web integrations and videos not hosted on the platform (YouTube, Dailymotion...)

### Automatic Updates

All versions of the Touchify Player application support automatic updates. An up-to-date application is the guarantee of optimal security, better performance, bug fixes in the shortest time and new features.

### Application Security

For deploying interactive screens in a company or public space, it is necessary to secure the computer and completely restrict access to the operating system.

Touchify provides a number of features to guarantee the security of your screens without any technical skills: kiosk mode activated with one click, virtual keyboard restricted to input features, secure browser...
